- well I am tripping right now I have
told him you've lived through this they
already did Yahoo yes add a reset when
you died right yeah
I might be able to help with that I died
11 times I was stuck reliving the same
day over and over again into someone
wearing a baby mask ordered me on the
night of my birthday
turns out it was my roommate Laurie I
taped her crazy ass out a window and
killed her which both to Luke but now
I'm living the better version of my life
[Applause]
okay
no okay yeah your pants
[Music]
okay I got it ended the loop but I'm
back oh my god
everything's different this time it's
coming after all of us
if you don't be set the day and try
again they're dead for good aren't they
so I'm gonna have to die over and over
again to save all of you I mean I guess
you could just reset the day yourself
genius idea I don't stop the killing
what people die
failure is not an option focus man my
money on my mind got a middle of the
let's see what you got
Green crisis mode tree who's gonna
pledge Kappa now that we have a death
curse
[Applause]
[Music]